improve response from backend when there are different fields returns (#29)
VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * BUGFIX: fix issue when VictoriaLogs returns different fields without stream labels. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource/issues/23). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: fix bug with displaying responses with custom set of fields. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource/issues/23). 
```
